Persona 1:
----------

**Name:** George

 

**Role:** Chemistry professor and researcher at UofT.

 

**Demographic:** Male, 57 years old.

 

**Knowledge, skills, and ablities:** He uses sites such as www.ncbi.com, 
www.pubmed.com, and www.pubs.acs.org for his research purposes. He can use 
google drive to store and organize files. He uses .pdf files for his lecture 
notes and uses .docs for his research reports.

 

**Goals, motives, and patterns:** To abandon the complex file structure on his
google drive. To store all the files in one place and use a search engine to 
query based on the contents of the files.

 

**Usage Patterns:** George uses the search engine to upload all 50 of the 
previous midterm exams in pdf format and selects exams with specific questions 
by querying the associated keywords. He also uses the application as a way to 
upload his research reports that are in .doc format and look for experiments 
that used Hydrogen Cyanide as a reagent by using it as a search query. Furthermore, he
uses the application as a way to store his personal files. He also makes 
use of the help link at the bottom left corner when he is lost.

 

Persona 2:
----------

 

**Name:** Dashvin Singh

 

**Demographic:** Male, 20 years old.

 

**Role:** A computer science student and TA for a computer science course at
UofT.

 

**Knowledge, skills, and abilities:** Dashvin is a 3rd year student and is
fluent with new technology. He is able to grasp new skills well and can work
software that is still out in testing phase.

 

**Goals, motives, and patterns:** To be able to search material that his fellow
students have posted that are visible to him as students, and also be able to
search for documents that have been made visible to him as a TA, in the courses
in which he has the role of a TA.

 

**Usage Patterns:** Dashvin would store and upload documents visible to his
peers in his courses and make his course notes and other documents visible to
other students and be able to share specific files with only certain other
students such as the work he has graded. He also would be able to see his
instructors’ documents which have been made visible to him as a TA for a course,
such as marking schemes for assignments or tests. He also doesn’t want his
personal documents to be visible in public search.

 

Persona 3:
----------

 

**Name:** Alex Smith

 

**Demographic:** Male, 21 years old.

 

**Role:** Management student at UofT

 

**Knowledge, skills, and abilities:** Alex is a 3rd year Management Student at
UTSC. He is not good at using technologies to do his research on assignments. He
always uses the library resources in person for essay researches. However, he is
very familiar with Microsoft Word and PDF files because he needs to write his
essay using Word and eventually export to PDF files for submission. Alex is a
super fan of note taking. But he prefers handwriting to taking notes with the
computer.

 

**Goals, motives, and concerns:** Alex wants to get a quicker way to do research
for essays since reading through paper version of books takes too much time and
that really limits the time that is left for writing the essay. Alex also wants
to try if he can print out the lecture slides before the class so that he can
save more time for taking notes upon the printed slides. Because his handwriting
speed cannot always catch up the speed that the professor speaks, he needs to
copy the contents on the slides by hand.

 

**Usage Patterns:** Alex will use this application for essay researches around
three times per semester. He will be very comfortable with the searching system.
Because the application is like a little bit more complicated version of library
system which supports in-content searching. And there is a tutorial for the
beginners with lack of IT background just like Alex. In terms of note taking,
Alex will use this application approximately once per week right before the
weekly lecture starts. It will not be a problem for Alex to find the lecture
slides he needs through this application because he is really familiar with how
.docx and .pdf files work.
